Wow
that was an awesome breakfast thank you
so much for making that I really really
want I'll take you up on that right now
I need you to do a favor for me I need
you to call a girl I just met no and why
can't you do it it's because I have a
weird phone voice man I just met her we
haven't talked on the phone yet she
seems like a real nice lady I want to
start off on the right foot I feel like
she deserves that much Alex everybody
thinks that they have a weird phone
voice but it's actually just a way that
we smell greeting I stand corrected
once again your existence Trump's
science thanks man
that's not a compliment it's ringing
take it take it oh one other thing
she likes negative guys so just be
negative okay no good uh hi lady lady hi
lady
yeah how are you doing it's nice to hear
from you too what are you doing uh I
sound different but familiar that's a
good thing right I guess it's a good
thing if you like things like that which
I don't cuz they suck and you know so
you'd have to be dumb to like that what
are you doing uh hey she wants to know
if you want to go to Chili's on Friday
like you planned okay well you tell her
I make the plans and we go to TGI
Fridays on Thursday yeah you know what I
make the plans so we're go to TGI
Fridays on a Thursday we can't do that
let's go to Chili's on a Friday Chili's
on Thursday Chili's on Thursday no
through Thursday
you know what hey you know what the only
thing in this world that I do love is
Chili's so I want to go to Chili's on a
Thursday no give her a second dude I got
a doctor's appointment at the dog park
on Thursday I can't do it I can't do it
tell her Chili's on Friday
tell her Chili's on Friday but because
uh me uh you know what though I actually
have decided that I want to go to
Chili's on Friday like we had originally
planned but this time it's cuz it's my
idea not yours and so that's what we're
doing hey she wants know if you want to
pick her up
I'm eat there all right you tell her
tell her I'll pick you up or maybe I
fucking won't because I got shit going
on and life sucks what uh you know you
know what I'm pick you up or maybe I
can't I don't know yet because I got a
lot of shit going on in my life and
things suck so you know deal with it and
she hung up you know why because that's
what a human being would do in this
scenario dude you know what
call back call her back I think I can
dig us out of this one I got this I've
dug us out before right no maybe not huh
you can dig me out you can dig not me
you're gonna dig me out of this one man
you can do it dig me out please
dig us out you can dig me digging you
out
I can dig you digging me out of this man